Talking about earnings, the
results of Nifi company IC LBRD are looking mixed.
What strategy should be made regarding this
?
Look at ICI LBRD also if we look at it, ah
PBT was down by 4%.  One thing we should remember is
that an FAQ of ICICI had
come, under which it is necessary for
all the companies to make provision for the impact of Labour Court of previous years
in Q3 i.e. third quarter.
Now what it says is that the
provisioning you have to make for your wages or gratuity is done on the
basis of a new calculation.
Whatever happened earlier was on the basis of basic salary.
Now it is said that you have to calculate the gratuity on the basis of 50% of the total remuneration.
So because of that, you will see in every company,
we saw in the earnings of TCS that
how TCS took a hit of Rs 2800 crore.  This will
also be seen in Infosys.  It has
also been seen in HCL Tech and
also in Tata Alexi.  You see, ICIC
is also seen in LBRD.  So if
you look at all the listed companies, the impact of profitability
in this year's Q3 earnings will
not be visible as profit growth.
Due to the impact of this PBT, this labour code,
everywhere you will see that either the PAT has fallen
or the PAT is lower than expected.
Because it is necessary for all of them to make provision for it
in their PNL.  So that's one thing.
But look at the top line, the top line is
growing well.  Health Ah ICICI Low LBA is
growing well.  Ah after ah
ah after the GST cut of September 22,
it is there but there is a little pressure coming in
crop and ah in your crop insurance, crop and
motor insurance and as the
competition increases ah here and there, in the
B2C which we companies do directly
with the insurance company consumer, a
lot of pressure will be seen there.  So, the
growth in ICICI LBR seems to be a little under
pressure to me because if you
take the institutional segment then it is fine but there is a lot of that
in B2C and the second thing that
we want to see is that all the insurance
companies will have to convert their accounting over a
period of time to IFR
next year.  So when that comes, it will
also impact your earnings in PNL.
So keep this one thing
in mind that as new general
insurance companies get listed
in the market, which as of today is ICICI LBAD and there are
one or two more, the money will
come out from there and will go into new insurance or G general
insurance companies also.  So, in a
way, the
flow out will also happen due to the diversification port.  But performance,
health has been good till date.  Is good.   The
pressure that is coming on crop and your motor
insurance is coming for ICICI.